1 Write a program that outputs "Hello World!" to the console.

2 Write a program that calculates the area of a circle given its radius.

3 Write a program that prints the first n Fibonacci numbers.

4 Write a function that takes two numbers as arguments and returns the largest of the two.

5 Write a program that finds the average of an array of numbers.

7 Write a function that takes a string as an argument and returns the reverse of the string.

8 Write a program that determines if a given year is a leap year.

9 Write a function that takes two arrays and returns a new array that contains all the elements from both arrays.

10 Write a program that calculates the factorial of a number.

11 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the second largest number.

12 Write a program that converts a temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius.

13 Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string.

14 Write a program that generates random numbers within a given range.

15 Write a function that takes a number and returns the sum of its digits.

16 Write a program that calculates the power of a number.

17 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the median.

18 Write a program that calculates the standard deviation of an array of numbers.

19 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the mode.

20 Write a program that calculates the median of an array of numbers without sorting the array.

21 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the range.

22 Write a program that generates a random password of a given length.

23 Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns the frequency of each string.

24 Write a program that generates all permutations of a string.

25 Write a function that takes a string and returns all its possible substrings.

26 Write a program that calculates the dot product of two arrays.

27 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the running total.

28 Write a program that finds the longest common substring of two strings.

29 Write a function that takes a string and returns its longest palindrome.

30 Write a program that finds the shortest path in a graph.

31 Write a program that calculates the area of a rectangle given its length and width.

32 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of all numbers.

33 Write a program that finds the largest number in an array.

34 Write a function that takes a string and returns the number of words in it.

35 Write a program that calculates the factorial of a number using a for loop.

36 Write a function that takes a string and returns the number of characters in it.

37 Write a program that generates the multiplication table for a given number.

38 Write a function that takes two strings and returns true if they are anagrams, false otherwise.

39 Write a program that finds the sum of all positive integers less than 1000 that are divisible by 3 or 5.

40 Write a function that takes a string and returns true if it is a palindrome, false otherwise.

41 Write a program that calculates the perimeter of a triangle given its three sides.

42 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the product of all numbers.

43 Write a program that generates all possible combinations of a given string.

44 Write a function that takes a string and returns the number of times a given letter appears in it.

45 Write a program that calculates the roots of a quadratic equation given its coefficients.

46 Write a function that takes a string and returns the first letter of each word in it.

47 Write a program that generates all prime numbers up to a given number.

48 Write a function that takes a string and returns the longest word in it.

49 Write a program that calculates the sum of all even Fibonacci numbers up to a given number.

50 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the average of all numbers.

51 Write a function that takes a string and returns the number of vowels in it.

52 Write a program that implements a stack using an array.

53 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the closest pair of numbers.

54 Write a program that implements a queue using an array.

55 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of all prime numbers.

56 Write a program that implements a binary search algorithm.

57 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of all odd numbers.

58 Write a program that implements a quick sort algorithm.

59 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of all even numbers.

60 Write a program that implements a merge sort algorithm.

61 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of all numbers that are divisible by a given number.

62 Write a program that calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers.

63 Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns
